You don’t have money to eat,
My father ate too much before me, so he put me in the forest at the back of the mountain.
I'm dead, can't you be angry?
Mom, dad broke it off, dad got angry,
Ah, grandma was also thrown into the back mountain,
Later grandma,
Dad’s head is lowered,
When I become a lamp, who is your grandma?
It’s grandma, last night,
Grandma also lent you my house,
You are still sleeping in my bed,
Your grandma is the second grandma,
It’s grandma,
Brother, do you want to stay and play with me? The last one
i can put daddy
The world will give you light, otherwise
You can't go to the manager and take the word my dad
Look behind you yourself
That's a show of exchange of affection
I almost gave up on the uncle
thank you
Where do you think you are?
I'm asking you
Come down quickly
you want in something
What's on your side
Didn't you just say that
Do you want me to be careful about that tone?